1. What do you understand by Database.
ANS :- A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored
	electronically in a computer system and combination of row and column.

2. What is Normalization?
ANS :- Normalization is the process of organizing data in a database. It includes creating tables and 
	establishing relationships between those tables according to rules designed both to protect the 
	data and to make the database more flexible by eliminating redundancy and inconsistent dependency.

3. What is difference between DBMS and RDBMS?
ANS :- RDBMS stores data in the form of tables, whereas DBMS stores data in the form of files. 
	Single users are supported by DBMS, whereas multiple users are supported by RDBMS. 
	Client-server architecture is not supported by DBMS, although it is supported by RDBMS.

4. What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?
ANS :- Codd's twelve rules are a set of thirteen rules (numbered zero to twelve) proposed by Edgar F. Codd, a pioneer of the relational model for databases, designed to define what is required from a database management system in order for it to be considered relational, i.e., a relational database management system (RDBMS).

5. What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
ANS :-  Data redundancy refers to the duplication of data within a database or across multiple databases.

6. What is DDL Interpreter?
ANS :- DDL Interpreter interprets the DDL statements and records the generated statements in the table containing metadata.

7. What is DML Compiler in SQL?
ANS :- A DML (data manipulation language) refers to a computer programming language that allows you to add (insert), delete (delete), and alter (update) data in a database. A DML is typically a sublanguage of a larger database language like SQL, with the DML containing some of the language's operators.
 
8. What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints.
ANS :- SQL key constraints are rules applied to columns or groups of columns in a relational database table to enforce data integrity and define relationships between tables. 

9. What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query?
ANS :- A SAVEPOINT is a point in a transaction in which you can roll the transaction back to a certain point without rolling back the entire transaction. Syntax for Savepoint command: SAVEPOINT SAVEPOINT_NAME; This command is used only in the creation of SAVEPOINT among all the transactions.

10.What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?
ANS :- In SQL, a trigger is a database object containing SQL code that is automatically executed when a specific database event occurs. In other words, a database trigger is "triggered" by a particular event. SQL triggers are generally associated with a particular table.